[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: On
"Cosmic Disclosure,"
we've heard about all types
of different ET technologies
from our friend Emery Smith.
But today, he will talk with
us about different types
of extraterrestrial devices.
Emery, welcome back.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks
for having me, George.
>>NOORY: Now when I hear
extraterrestrial devices,
I think of "Star Trek" and
that wand that the doc had.
What are we talking about here?
>>SMITH: Well, that's
part of a frequency device
that has actually made it
to mainstream civilian use.
It's called a Scenar
Cosmodic energy.
And what it does is it's
able to, like a Rife machine,
use frequency to balance
out cells and also
communicate with cells to
go to an area of the body
to fix an area, to heal a
bone, and things like that.
So this is a lot of the
reverse-engineered stuff.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: That was found
many, many, many years ago
and perfected today and
made it to mainstream.
>>NOORY: What other
devices have you witnessed?
>>SMITH: Well, the
most fascinating thing
that has been discovered
that I am fascinated by
is the types of materials that
we recovered from these sites.
And because the
materials are what end
up later on being used, such
as carbon fiber and things
to make bullet proof vests.
>>NOORY: Now how do you
recover them from sites?
Crash sites?
>>SMITH: Yeah, from crash sites.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>SMITH: We were on
a couple of retrieval
teams for medical reasons.
But there's also other
things, of course,
that are there on these
sites, such as liquid metals
and different types of
substances and chemicals
that we just don't
have here on Earth.
And those are all used as well
in extraterrestrial technology.
They have tools, too.
Everything just doesn't just
float around in the air.
They have special tools
that are mostly energetic,
and that's what's interesting.
You might see something
that looks just
like an egg-shaped
rock that you'd
find on one of your
hikes, but yet it's not.
It's actually a device
that emits an energy that
can fix your craft, we'll say.
They also use a lot of
crystals on-board the craft.
>>NOORY: I've heard that.
>>SMITH: Which is very
interesting as well.
So these things are taken
back and reverse engineered
into many, many, many
different types of things.
>>NOORY: Are they the
same kind of crystals
we have on this planet now?
>>SMITH: They're
very similar, but it
looks like they were
definitely maybe lab grown
because they were so
brilliant and they
had very different cuts to
them, unlike we see here.
Of course, the colors
were extraordinary
unlike any other crystals
that I've seen here on Earth.
And some are up to maybe
10 to 20 feet long,
rectangular, and are like
the floor of the craft.
And it goes down like
an upside down triangle.
It's a power source, and
it's like a hard drive.
So it actually can record,
and it can actually
power the craft, they learned.
And gives off you know all
sorts of different frequencies.
And in a way is alive
in its own spectrum.
Crystals alone have
many capabilities,
depending on what you're
using the crystal for,
what kind of light
you're shining
through it, what kind of laser
you're engraving information
into it.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SMITH: The crystals
do have the capability
of being weapons.
And crystals also have
the ability to heal.
And ETs obviously
know about crystals
because a lot of
their technology
has crystals in them.
Look at our TV sets, see now the
first TVs, look at our radios.
I mean, they have a--
>>NOORY: Transistor crystal.
>>SMITH: Transistor crystal.
>>NOORY: That's a good point.
>>SMITH: So how
did we know that?
>>NOORY: When you hear
the word and phrase,
intelligent technologies,
what does that mean to you?
>>SMITH: Well, for
me it's consciousness
assisted technology.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>SMITH: Because most of all
of their stuff, whether it's
a tool or a weapon
or a craft, it's all
assisted by your consciousness.
So through telepathy, you can
actually activate something.
Or through the
bio-identical imprint
of the genetic makeup of
that extraterrestrial,
it turns it on.
>>NOORY: Like you
could turn your car
on with your consciousness if
it was wired the right way.
>>SMITH: Right.
Or pick up on your energy
frequency of your DNA
because everyone has a different
frequency of their DNA,
like a thumbprint.
And everyone's energetic DNA
is now recorded on the planet,
basically.
So it's identifying this
person is the person that
belongs to this craft,
and only the people that
are registered with their
frequency can fly this craft.
>>NOORY: What other intelligent
technologies did they have?
>>SMITH: Well, like I said,
some of the most impressive ones
were all consciousness assisted.
And the reason I got brought
into some of these projects
was because once I was working
on some samples of tissue,
I'll say, it was
related to a craft
that I didn't even know
they had in the same I'll
say sector where I was working.
And they wanted me to come
take samples of the craft.
And to me at that time,
I don't ask questions.
I get escorted to a giant
hangar and here's this craft,
and it's a very
fleshy type of craft.
And the craft
obviously is alive.
And taking samples
from this craft
and comparing it to the
tissue sample I've had,
it was the exact same DNA.
So what I'm getting at is the
person who had this craft,
he made this craft from
his own genetic DNA.
And we found out later that
they were forming these craft
by frequency.
And that means it's
always sound before form.
So you can create anything
in space using frequency
and genetic DNA makeup.
So this is one of the
most profound things
that I've ever
witnessed in my life.
And there's also there was
compartments in this craft.
And the craft had
tools in there.
They looked like I would say
tools, very odd shaped but very
organic looking.
Everything always looked like
some sort of rock or stone.
But if you would send
an electro-impedance
into it utilizing the tissue,
it would do something.
>>NOORY: What would it do?
>>SMITH: Well, it might give
off a light, it might explode.
We don't know.
So these things were
taken to a very secured,
vacuum-sealed, armor-proof.
>>NOORY: So you don't know what
the equipment was used for?
>>SMITH: No, but we would test
it through these special bomb
containers, these containers
that can protect you
if it were to
explode or if it were
to do something to harm us.
And they would measure
many different sensors
in this unit, this special type.
It looked like a giant
hyperbaric chamber,
giant oval thing with
very small glass portals.
And you used robotic arms from
the outside and stuff to--
>>NOORY: Like you put your
hands in them, like that?
>>SMITH: Well, no, you
don't put your hands in.
You operate from outside
of the container.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SMITH: And it's like what
they do today with surgery,
if you heard about--
>>NOORY: Robotic surgery.
>>SMITH: Robotic surgery.
Now you could be a surgeon.
>>NOORY: Make an
incision, stick it in.
>>SMITH: Right.
And you can be here in the
United States operating
on someone in Dubai.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
It's electronics.
>>SMITH: So just
like this, but we
were doing in a protective way.
And some of these devices
gave off brilliant light,
but we didn't know what it was.
But what was interesting is
it was all photon-related,
light-related.
And these craft, as many
people see in the air,
are giving off these interesting
colored rainbow lights.
And a lot of these
instruments and things
that were on these craft
would do the same thing
once they were
activated with the DNA.
And so then these
things would be
given off to
different compartments
and studied for years and
years and years and years.
And sometimes if we
couldn't figure it out,
we have spies and other
places like the Vatican
and other areas of the planet
that are doing similar work.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SMITH: And when we know they
have something similar to this,
we'll make an exchange
trade, since maybe
they already figured it out.
So we would get sent over there
to collect another specimen
or to read up on their
data, what they already
had been trained on
for five or 10 years,
even though we just currently
got it into our system.
And that was another
amazing thing.
So a lot of these
tools that were there
were actually keys
for certain things,
to open certain
things they found out.
There was sound to some of these
things when they were boosting
up, which was interesting.
And we have special people
that were there just
to measure the light and
the frequency, scientists.
That's all they do.
And they compare it
to other databases
from around the planet,
which was very interesting.
But I never really got to
grab a device and utilize it.
I was only able to see it.
>>NOORY: Well, you're
a tissue expert, right?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>NOORY: Why did they have you
involved with these devices?
>>SMITH: Because
I had to harvest
the tissue, usually from both.
The devices will not
work unless the tissue
from the craft and the
tissue from the person who
had the craft are together.
So--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
And that activated these things.
And then we found out that
the craft alone, once we
took one of these pieces
of devices that we knew
was harmless, but we
didn't know what it did.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SMITH: We took it out of the
craft and away from the craft
and utilized the tissue within
a certain amount of yards,
that it would still work.
But if you went too far
away from the craft,
it wouldn't activate.
So there were some
energy field that they
were trying to figure out.
What is that?
Is that a Bluetooth energy?
Is it a frequency?
Is it photons?
We don't see anything,
but somehow the craft
knows that this
piece of equipment
is now this far away, even
though it's genetically still
running an electrical impedance
through it for the cells
to be active, that
it doesn't work.
>>NOORY: Would these
devices sometimes, Emery,
work on their own where they
just started doing something?
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
Some devices would start to heal
the craft where the craft maybe
had a gash in it.
So imagine like a bunch
of small little rocks
going over an area trying to--
>>NOORY: To patch it up?
>>SMITH: To patch it up
and working on its own
in a non-threatening manner
with beautiful lights.
And just an amazing show
of light and frequency.
And we wouldn't do anything
but just observe and watch.
Because maybe even though the
person is not in the craft,
maybe that is the person.
>>NOORY: That could be.
>>SMITH: You understand
what I'm saying?
>>NOORY: It could be.
>>SMITH: And that's
another concept
I don't talk about too often
is that many craft, I believe,
are actually extraterrestrial.
They are the ET.
They're conscious, these craft.
They have a conscious to them.
And when you know
about the physics
of the future of the
atomic structures
and how atoms can be displaced
and rearranged in many ways,
like in teletransportation
when they break down
your whole entire
body, and then they
re-assimilate it over here.
And that's already
been conquered, too.
Well, man, these ETs
that are millions
of years more advanced
than we are obviously
can do a lot more than that.
And people just think
of an ET as a 3D entity.
But they're not,
they're light bodies
that can manifest into
many different things.
And I believe they
can actually be craft.
The whole craft by
itself acting on its own
without a visible person or
ET there, and fixing itself,
and dematerializing
and leaving the area,
and not knowing where
it went or what it did,
was probably one of the
most amazing sights.
>>NOORY: Right under your eyes.
Poof, gone.
>>SMITH: Just unfolds in
itself, and a small light,
and it's gone.
>>NOORY: Where did it go?
>>SMITH: It probably
went inter-dimensional,
it probably went into
another dimension.
And what was interesting is
this has happened many times,
I found out later,
through the projects.
I was just very lucky to
witness something like this.
And so for me that's more than--
that's a extra intelligence.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>SMITH: And that
intelligence fascinates me
because that's what we're
going to be someday.
And I hope we're going to
be there sooner than later.
And there was many
people on these teams.
It's not like I'm
the only person.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>SMITH: But my specific
specialty was that.
So if they saw
something, maybe there
was something on the floor or
up on the ceiling that looked
like a piece of organic--
>>NOORY: You're like
the crime scene guy.
>>SMITH: Yeah, yeah.
This is kind of what it is.
It's a forensic thing.
So we would go in
there in our suits
and use just regular
sterile ladders and things
and figure these things out.
And take these
samples and bag them
and tag them, and take
them back to the lab.
>>NOORY: And what happened?
>>SMITH: And run tests on them.
>>NOORY: But what
happened afterwards?
Who confiscated them?
>>SMITH: What I
believe, and came
to the conclusion is,
after they find out
what these tissues are,
what vibrations they hold,
what crystalline structures
their DNA is made up of,
they utilize these
things and they sell them
to big pharma and other
corporations the data.
And they'll make
synthetic versions of this
and make it into medicines
or weapons or whatever.
And that's what I believe.
>>NOORY: These technologies are
literally out of this world.
When will we see them applied
to making our lives better?
>>SMITH: Well, we do every day.
I mean, every day there's
something released, such as--
>>NOORY: But we don't know
it's from that source.
>>SMITH: Right.
We don't know it's
from that source.
I mean, they just came out with
a graphene diamond material
that's a millimeter
thick and bulletproof.
And I was recently
talking about these plants
that we were retrieving
from different places
of an unknown origin that
were thin and bulletproof.
And what's funny is they
come up with new names.
One was recently let
off to the public,
and it's a new amazing fabric.
And it's graphene
mixed with diamonds.
And they come up
with this new name
of this new substance, which I
know 100% where they got that
from.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SMITH: So when you
see these new substances
and these new
materials come out,
you can probably bet your
bottom dollar that it definitely
was reverse engineered
or actually came
from an extraterrestrial
craft or extraterrestrial
that they reverse engineered.
>>NOORY: This kind of
technology, was it given to us,
or did we find it?
>>SMITH: I believe,
because I'm not
allowed to ask too
many questions,
but as you get in there
more and more and more,
you get to listen a little
bit more to the higher-ups,
and they let you in on things.
And I think intentionally
ETs crashed ships here
for us to find to help us
evolve a little bit faster.
But there are many craft of
course that we have shot down.
And there are many craft in
the space salvaging program,
I call it, that
they are cleaning
up there because there's
a lot of things floating
around up there in space
that they'd bring back,
many instruments.
One episode I talk about
this harpoon-type of device
with an arm that was
still attached to it.
These things are very valuable
to the corporations down here.
And they like to
bring them back,
they like to test
them, they like
to see how the body is
interacting with which
is answering your question,
consciousness-assisted
technology.
It has to do with that and also
the biology of that person.
>>NOORY: Have you
ever seen a device,
used it, to cure something?
Anything like that?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Actually being around
extraterrestrial bodies
and being around
extraterrestrial craft,
we had many scientists
who had cancers and have
had other debilitating things.
I actually had a
very bad disease.
>>NOORY: You did?
>>SMITH: At one time.
And after being and
working on this craft,
this man's cancer was completely
gone with no more tumors.
And the blood borne disease
I had was immediately gone,
which I didn't know
until I got tested.
It had to do, obviously,
with this frequency
that this craft was giving off
that rearranged the genetics.
>>NOORY: Your molecules.
>>SMITH: The
molecules or something
to remove these negative ionic
cancers and cells and things
like that.
>>NOORY: Can we reproduce that?
>>SMITH: So that's what we did.
So we reproduced these
systems, these Teslatron units.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SMITH: That you
sit in these rooms.
And you this dose
of this energy,
and we were able to
cure HIV in a month.
>>NOORY: By sitting in this--
>>SMITH: By sitting in this--
>>NOORY: What is a Teslatron?
>>SMITH: It's a unit that
Tesla developed-- of course,
the Tesla coil over
a long time ago.
And there was a doctor--
I won't say his name, he
just recently passed away,
but a lot of the viewers
know who I'm talking about--
came up with this device
that you sit in a room
and you get these doses of
this frequency from this unit.
And it somehow teletransports
the negative stuff out
of your body.
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>SMITH: And it
was just recently
taken over by
someone who does not
want me to have
access to it anymore,
because I was going to
bring it out to the public.
But I just had a
recent email come
in from someone that says that
they have another one, that we
should talk.
So I'm going to engage
in this because this
is such a cost-effective
cheap thing to have out there.
It needs a lot more
testing, of course.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SMITH: And it's here.
So it's all about getting
the people and the engineers
and the people who own
the patents on this
and the government
to say, OK, you
can have this device
come out, but you
can't claim it cures
anything, you can't do that.
So that's how I tricked
the patent corporation.
Many of my patents were turned
down because I was saying,
well, I concentrated
stem cells with this
and we injected it into
100 patients' spinal cord.
>>NOORY: They were all cured.
>>SMITH: They were all cured.
>>NOORY: You can't say that.
>>SMITH: No.
But I can say, well,
I made this device,
it concentrates blood cells,
and it's up to the doctor
how he wants to utilize it.
>>NOORY: Sure, that's OK.
>>SMITH: Yeah, yeah, that's OK.
>>NOORY: Why aren't we
getting this technology right
now to cure some of these things
that you said you tested on?
>>SMITH: Well, I mean,
you know how long
it took stem cells to
get to the general public
so we can use it in the US.
Yet China and England and
Thailand, everyone else
has been using
these technologies.
So there's a lot
of cures already
out there technology-wise that
other countries are utilizing,
but it's just hard to get it
here through the system because
of all the politics involved
with the FDA, with big pharma.
I mean, the FDA gets 80% of
their money from big pharma.
They're going to approve
their stuff a lot faster.
>>NOORY: Of course, half
the staff members of the FDA
were in big pharma.
>>SMITH: You have these
amazing physicians coming out
with anti-aging or
regenerative proteins
that will take at
least 20 years to get
to the public,
which is ridiculous
because they're all natural.
>>NOORY: And it's right now.
>>SMITH: It's right now.
And then you have these amazing
physicists and engineers
who have made these amazing
devices that I mentioned.
They're too scared to come out
because it does demonstrate
one other thing.
So they're going to slap a
National Security Act on them
and say, you can't build this
because this technology is
property of the United
States of America.
>>NOORY: Of course.
What do you think is
going to be the biggest
technological breakthrough that
we got from ET technology that
goes public?
>>SMITH: That's going to
be, hopefully, next year
or the year after, and
it's going to be overunity.
>>NOORY: And it sounds
like it's coming from you?
Possible.
>>SMITH: Yeah, well.
>>NOORY: And what will that do?
>>SMITH: That's what I do?
>>NOORY: What will that do?
>>SMITH: It's going to change
everything because if you can
demonstrate overunity,
which we've already done--
and it's out of my
hands, by the way.
It's all been taken away from me
and in it's a very safe place.
So it's what the
ETs use, and that's
why they don't want people to
know ETs exist because then
the scientists will say
how do they get here,
well they used
zero-point energy.
So when you prove these things,
that you can make energy
over and over and over and over,
now you're going to get killed.
It's like you've got to be very
careful of how you do this.
So you incorporate
them and you say,
hey, why don't we cut
down on the nuclear stuff
and incorporate this.
And even though we
still have to pay money,
at least we're going to
have a cleaner atmosphere.
And eventually, just
like any technology,
it'll get more improved.
And more and more countries
will take this on board.
And there are certain countries
actually utilizing this.
>>NOORY: Doing it now.
>>SMITH: Right now.
They're not telling
the civilians.
>>NOORY: Where it came
and where it came from.
>>SMITH: Right.
Because they're still saving
money on buying the oil
they need to run
their factories,
cutting the cost down
on that because they're
using half free energy,
half gas, coal, and oil.
>>NOORY: Will we get an
extraterrestrial craft
that lands somewhere quietly and
gives us some technology that's
going to change the planet?
>>SMITH: Well,
they already have.
This is what's going on.
It's slowly being released
is what I'm getting at.
They've been sharing
the technologies.
It's just sometimes we mess up
and we turn their backs on them
because we use the technologies
maybe for the wrong thing.
Or we use it for war
or we black box it
and try to keep it just
for certain organizations,
individuals,
corporations, politics.
And so right now it's like
how can we trust these guys.
We've already went back on
our word a million times.
So let's just slowly trickle
out some stuff to them,
and they'll be smart
enough to come up with it.
And there's many,
many devices out there
of overunity, and many
brilliant scientists
that have already done it.
But of course, it's
not just something
you just can come out and
say you did it and give.
>>NOORY: I wish we could.
>>SMITH: But there are
people behind the project
now that I handed
everything over to that,
for the most important part,
is they don't want any money.
It's the first.
>>NOORY: That's rare.
>>SMITH: It's the
first investment
group that comes forward.
>>NOORY: You think we're
going to be able to use it?
>>SMITH: Yeah, yeah,
definitely we'll
going to be able to use it.
It's going to trickle out,
it's going to be in a safe way.
And I think that the
government will honor it
with open hands and open arms.
>>NOORY: Are you
glad you have had
a glimpse of this technology?
>>SMITH: Sometimes.
>>NOORY: Or is it a curse?
>>SMITH: Well, it's been
a curse for quite a while.
It's really hard
to come forward.
But after the
support of everyone
coming forward as well
and all the listeners
out there giving me
positive responses back,
helping to protect me
because if they kill me now,
I'll look like a martyr.
>>NOORY: That's true.
>>SMITH: And you don't
want that to happen.
It was an unnerving choice to
do it, but I had to at the time
because it was
getting too heated.
And I'm just trying to do
something good for the earth
and everyone.
I'm not trying to
destroy big gas, coal,
and oil and big pharma.
I'm actually trying to
bring us all together
and work together
to clean it up.
You can still make money off
us, but there's other ways
to do things, that we should
appreciate this planet and all
the beings on the
planet and come together
as one unified group
of conscious people
so we can talk to our
brothers and sisters
amongst the stars,
which is why I'm here.
I really want that to happen.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>SMITH: Because
we deserve this.
We've been through
a lot, everyone.
I'm talking about the planet.
And we need help.
>>NOORY: Emery, thanks for
being on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>SMITH: Thanks for
having me, George.
>>NOORY: I'm George
Noory, and thanks
for watching
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>NARRATOR: Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure," where
people share their clandestine
involvement with government
agencies, the military,
and secret space programs.
>>SMITH: Enormous craft,
larger than a football field
sometimes.
>>NOORY: Oh, my gosh.
>>SMITH: And some
are very small,
as big as a Volkswagen Beetle.
>>RICE: But the
problem with anything
that has secret in the
name is the small print
that you won't find
out about for decades.
He said we're gonna borrow
your consciousness
And you're going to be gone
for 20 years.
[MUSIC PLAYING]